README.md, before:

Goals of project - 

provide non triivial implenattion of grass generationa and rendering 

This is a demo so solution should be time effecient to implement ie do not spend 4 hour improving performance by 5%

Should be online and available to whowever may want to access it (should be taken into considertion for performanc and which platforms it can run on)

Research - 


Core Deliverable 

- Represenation of grass using bezier curves 

- Insance rendering for field 

- grass should retian length 

- wind patterns using noise


Extensions -

- level of detail

- culling 

- shading

- anti alising

- debug ui

- clumping

- grass blade thicken depedning on view space

Further exploration - 

- whilst I have found splines used for creating and rendering I have not found the use bezier curves used for short fur rending - at least I have not seen it from a roudamenatry search 


- Frustum culling


sources -

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h5NX9tIdno
- check last sections about making pretty

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp7REZBV4P4


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ibe1JBF5i5Y


https://gpuopen.com/learn/mesh_shaders/mesh_shaders-procedural_grass_rendering/

https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/2856400.2876008

Commit message:

updated readme with new info found today

README.md, after:

Goals of project - 

provide non triivial implenattion of grass generationa and rendering 

This is a demo so solution should be time effecient to implement ie do not spend 4 hour improving performance by 5%

Should be online and available to whowever may want to access it (should be taken into considertion for performanc and which platforms it can run on)

Research - 

webgpu not compatbible with safrai,
webgl is a potential option but is somewhat barebones and math libaries may be a little undercooked
three js offers built in libaries for webgl with some tradeoff in having less felxiability

Core Deliverable 

- Represenation of grass using bezier curves 

- Insance rendering for field 

- grass should retian length 

- wind patterns using noise


Extensions -

- level of detail

- culling 

- shading

- anti alising

- debug ui

- clumping

- varing each blades properties

- grass blade thicken depedning on view space

Further exploration - 

- whilst I have found splines used for creating and rendering I have not found the use bezier curves used for short fur rending - at least I have not seen it from a roudamenatry search 


- Frustum culling


sources -

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h5NX9tIdno
- check last sections about making pretty

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp7REZBV4P4


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ibe1JBF5i5Y


https://gpuopen.com/learn/mesh_shaders/mesh_shaders-procedural_grass_rendering/

https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/2856400.2876008
